docs: add Monitor docs section (#79577)
metabase/metabase: docs/ai/usage-auditing.md

They often line up (a conversation that started in Slack is handled by the Slackbot profile), but they don't have to. A conversation started from the Metabot chat sidebar might be handled by the **Internal**, **NLQ**, or **SQL** profile depending on what the person asked.

The Conversations admin page only shows **Profile**. Source is visible in the **Usage stats** charts and in the [Usage Analytics models](#building-custom-reports) used to build custom reports.

### Sources

> Each conversation is tagged with a source, i.e. where in Metabase the conversation took place. The **By source** chart in [Usage stats](#usage-stats) groups conversations by a human-readable `source_name`, and the [AI Usage Log](#building-custom-reports) model exposes both `source_name` and a raw `source` ID (e.g. `metabot_agent`, `oss-sql-gen`, `document_generate_content`) for custom reports. Conversations Metabase couldn't classify show up as `(empty)` on the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each conversation is tagged with a source (where in Metabase the conversation took place). The **By source** chart in [Usage stats](#usage-stats) groups conversations by a human-readable `source_name`, and the [AI Usage Log](#building-custom-reports) model exposes both `source_name` and a raw `source` ID (like `metabot_agent`, `oss-sql-gen`, `document_generate_content`) for custom reports. Conversations Metabase couldn't classify show up as `(empty)` on the chart.
```
